# Seirei No Ji (Soo-Ruu No Ji)

Seirei No Ji is a nation formed from a collection of islands far off the western coast of the border of the southernmost of the Southern kingdoms and northern Dynastan Empire. The islands are so far off the coast that they are unknown by many of the mainland sailors. Since the nation is comprised of islands, most of the land is mountainous, with a large number of volcanoes and fairly frequent earthquakes. Much of this land is forested, and there are large number of natural area of geo-thermal activity, leading to many hot-springs and geyser fields. 

The islands themselves range far north and south, causing a wide variety of climates depending on the region. However, most of the civilized population lives in climates ranging from temperate or sub-tropic environments. There are four definite seasons, with mild winters and hot and humid summers. The spring is a strong rainy season, and typhoons are not uncommon during early fall. The northernmost islands have a cooler temperature, and snow falls in large amounts on the northern islands. 

The islands are very far from active ley lines. Magic is fairly suppressed due to the lack of presence of a primary or ley fault presence, and most magic used in Seirei No Ji is drawn from inner spiritual strength, other planar magic, or blood magic. For this reason, few fae paths or circles of teleportation appear to exist on the islands, coupled with its natural geographic distance, this has left the island quite isolated.

The native civilized population is predominantly human. There is also a large population of gray elves, integrated fully into the human population. There are also a number of racial variants that are unique to this isolated land, the half-human, half yuanti shapeshifters called “naga”, the intelligent “ogre magi” or “oni” titan breeds, and the shapeshifting bird humanoids known as “tengu” or ”kenku”. The islands are ruled by competing clans or families, which form their own fiefdoms. These clans are made of an elaborate caste system, with warriors and courtiers on top, with farmers and food producers second, then artisans, craftsmen and tradesmen, then merchants and townspeople (non-producers of any sort.) At the bottom of the caste system are those who have been thrown out of society, outcast or excluded because of their own actions or the actions of their family or lord. These are despised and harassed by society at large. Operating outside of the caste system are entertainers and professionals (such as doctors, or magicians), who could rank anywhere in the caste below the samurai ruling class to the level of townsperson depending on their skill and fame, and the eta, individuals considered unclean or impure, but that are necessary for society, that occupy a place of neither respect nor disrespect. They are largely ignored. In each layer of the caste system, there are grey elves who are esteemed higher than their human counterparts, and teach generations of human counterparts. 

The animal wildlife on the islands is not incredibly unusual, but due to the large amount of spiritual and blood magic utilized on the islands, there are an unnaturally high number of ghosts, haunts, minor demons and spirits that may impact the local wildlife. Magical manifestations and possession of local wildlife is not uncommon.
