# Eldaro Kingdoms

A large tract of land in the far south defined by weathered mountain terrain, plateaus, and desert and brushland in the north and semi tropical terrain in the south, the Eldaro kingdoms are a study in extremes. Torrential rains frequent some valley and mountain locations, creating dense jungle, while others valleys or mountains are typically dry (a disparity that can appear just on the other side of a mountain peak. The hard clay soil and sunbaked land doesn’t accept the rain even when it gets it, creating dangerous flash floods during the wettest seasons. While there are numerous rivers that flow to the west and south, they are concentrated across a small area of land, leaving most of the abundant rainfall and arable land in a small fraction of the total landmass.

Eldaro has been marked by a steady stream of annexation and conquering. Initially settled by Sun Elves, these lands had great kingdoms developed in the Second Age, before orcish and human aggression drove them further south. Eventually, the humans created kingdoms, often creating capitals in the abandoned cities of the Sun Elves. The ruins remaining from that time are a strange mix of elegant elven design and practical human fortifications. The human settlements were even more pronounced during the Third Age, and was relatively unscathed during the Age of Apocalypse, losing scarcely more than half of its human population to the wars between the mage kings. Unfortunately, they were less prepared to handle the coming of the Dynastan war machine, and the entire human population was scattered, enslaved, or murdered by the armies of the Empire during the Fifth Age, who began building cities and highways across the land. As the tide turned and the Dynastans began ceding back land to the northern kingdoms, they attempted to maintain control of Eldaro by publicly disavowing the lands but privately granting huge estates of land to loyal non-Dynastan, including many rakasha scouts and soldiers, as well as granting some to Sun Elves interested in returning to their long abandoned ancestral lands. However, descendants of the nobles of Third and Fourth Age are very interested in reacquiring their lands, and have sought to do so through political pressure, repurchase or outright force. While the Empire makes effort to support their puppet governments, doing so without violating their treaties often requires a political nuance that the heavy handed Empire finds difficult.
