# Dynastan

The Dynastan are a race of draconic humanoids that originated in the jungles deep to the south. Dynastans are large creatures, standing anywhere from just under seven feet tall to a towering height of eleven feet tall. A Dynastan lifespan is generally just under a century. The Dynastan are divided 
into two discernible subsets of Dynastan, the **Imperium** and the **Dracoth**. The Imperium Dynastan has smaller, overlapping scales, and tends to have broader snouts and larger mouths. They tend to be more thickly built, with larger torsos and shorter, heavier tails that generally drag against the ground in a stabilizing fashion. The Dracoth Dynastan, on the other hand, have large chitinous scales covering their bodies, and tends to have longer, thinner snouts. They are much leaner, and often have long, whip like tails that animatedly whip about their long frames. Dynastan occasionally grow either spines or horn like protrusions about their bodies. The scales covering a dynastan's body of either subset may be of any color, from bone white or crimson red to obsidian black, but they do tend toward dark green color, with few to no markings. It’s notable that Dynastan themselves acknowledge no difference and gather no differently in cities or towns as a result of these subsets, despite the noticeable difference that caused non-dynastan scholars to take note of them. Dynastan have a strong sense of purpose and community regardless of bloodline. Most law abiding Dynastan consider themselves members of the Dynastan Empire, a gargantuan kingdom controlling a swath of land that covers nearly a third of Icara’s known landmass.

This Empire was created and maintained by the all consuming hold the military has on all of Dynastan life. This hold begins at birth. Dynastans are hatched, from eggs laid by a female and fertilized by a male in an entirely sexless mating ceremony. The ritualistic mating ceremony often does not even involve the two parents seeing each other. For common Dynastan, the eggs are immediately transported to a training academy, where the eggs are hatched with hundreds of others. These hatchling Dynastans are then inspected, one by one, with all crippled, deformed, or otherwise unacceptable hatchlings immediately put to death by the inspector. The rest of the hatchlings are then raised by the academy they were sent to. From birth, the vast majority of Dynastans are just another cog in a machine. The young are raised by a variety of instructors, drilling them in educations, religion, and weaponry. Individuals who seem especially suited to a particular specialty, like weaponsmithing or sorcery, are sent to specialized academies, but even these share time with dozens of other students siphoning the attention of the only parental influence a Dynastan has ever known. A Dynastans parent is the Empire, and this is drilled into them from the very beginning. Male or female, all Dynastans that are not of a noble family live life in these academies until they are ready for the army.

Once a Dynastan is trained, and ready to serve in the Dynastan Army, they immediately are assigned a section of the empire, to either expand the empire or defend a part of the empire. Once the Dynastan has served ten years in the army, they are free to do as they will if they would like to take a different vocation. Of course, by this point, depending on how quickly they were deemed ready to leave the academy, they have been a part of the Dynastan war machine for almost three decades. Many simply choose to remain soldiers, and it is the only life they know until their death. 

A member of a Dynastan noble house does not give their unborn children to the academy. Noble family members, however, still raise their children in a similar environment, raising and training them until around their sixteenth year, which is when most Dynastan have reached full size. At that point, the noble Dynastan serves eight years in the dynastan army, attempting to make a name for themselves as a warrior and commander. Almost all the highest positions of authority are held by the Dynastan nobles. From that point, those that excelled or carried themselves with valor or honor are either brought back to the noble house for other tasks, or continue to serve in the army to further the glory of that noble lineage, in the hopes that someday, a member of that home may rise to the status of Emperor. An embarrassment or failure, however, will be disowned, becoming nothing more than a commoner in the eyes of the Dynastan family. 

With so much revolving around the Dynastan military arm, it’s little surprise that few kingdoms have stood up to the wrath of their armies. The Dynastan have shored up weaknesses in their armies by conquering their fellow jungle dwellers the rakasha, to provide them with the scouts and diplomats that they are not as naturally suited to being, the sauren, which they utilize to provide magical might and power, and various other races such as lizardmen and frogmen of the swamp to serve as fodder, farmers, or free labor. Taming the vicious beasts that live in the southern jungles, Dynastan cavalry can bring deadly charges to bear on their foes, or simply overwhelm them with superior numbers of superiorly trained soldiers. Unfortunately, the bid to conquer the northern lands has largely ground to a halt, as the Dynastan beasts of burden and war cannot survive in the hostile climate of the northern lands, and the fact that the vicious southern lands rarely run out of challenges to its peace. Foremost amongst these are the Tekutli, a race of sentient snake creatures who dwell in the swamps and jungles of the south. 

Dynastan conquest has driven a great deal of their merchant’s success as well, with slaves and pillaged goods being transferred back to the Empires coffers on a regular basis. While Dynastan slave trade has mostly ceased in the northern kingdoms, in the Empire itself, it is still considered acceptable to trade in creatures as well as goods. The only creatures that the Empire disallows from slave trade are Dynastan themselves, and the Sun elves, who were great friends to the fledgling race. Unscrupulous Dynastan kidnap creatures out of the northern lands and bring them down south. By the same token, Dynastan slaves are prized in the northern lands, where their great size and ferocity make them ideal slaves for a number of purposes. 

Dynastan divide the territories they control into provincia, which are sections of land operated as states by appointed leadership. The military, economic, and civil administration of treasury, architecture, and public works are determined by a legate, the governor appointed. While the governor is supposed to be drawn from a pool of the most qualified candidates of Dynastan that have shown themselves to be loyal and competent in service to the Empire, it is not uncommon for the legate to be appointed due to influence from whichever royal bloodline currently has the most sway in an area. This can lead to the local Dynastan government being little more than a puppet for the royal houses. Fortunately, the power of the legate is checked by the Magistratus of the god Tyranus, administrators of civil and criminal law in the Dynastan society. The magistratus of Tyranus are both the moral voice and foundation of justice in Dynastan society.

## Dynastan Cities

Dynastan cities are primarily built by slave labor. The dynastan prefer large structures, with plenty of moving room and fire pits. They tend to make
towns of wood and stone, and almost every settlement the Dynastans create has a large watchtower, fortress, or castle. Dynastan delight in gladiatorial combats, and build coliseums and bestiaries. Dynastan cities inside the Empire are connected by well maintained and protected roads. The deeper toward the capital you venture, the more iron fisted the rule of the creatures are. 

## Dynastan Religion 

Dynastans often worship or pay respect to many gods concurrently, but usually gather divine power only from Tyranus. They also pay respect to Draken, Sylith, Bahaumut, and any variety of powerful dragons that may be in their area. They despise many of the gods of the tribes, especially those worshipped by their hated enemies the Tekutli.

## Dynastan Armies

