# Sauren

Sauren are a race of draconic creatures that were born with the profile and features of the dynastan, but without the stature or presence of the great beasts. These small, lithe creatures tend to stand right around four feet tall or so, with a long tail. It is common for sauren to grow horns or spines of some sort from head to tail along their back. They tend to be dark green, with patterns of multicolored scales from bright reds and golds to dark blues or brass.

It is a common rumor among wizards that a sauren’s colored scales make excellent components for channeling elemental magic. It is not uncommon for a sauren to cover its scales with dyes or clothing, or simply stay away from civilization all together, lest it be harvested in its sleep for spell components by a murderous magic user.

Whether their scales, blood or fangs channel elemental magic, sauren themselves very often find themselves adept at channeling it with ease. The destructive magic harnessed by the diminutive dragonmen were the envy of the Dynastan Empire, and when the creatures were conquered, they were enslaved to provide a vicious magical punch to the already physically destructive Dynastan war machine. The Sauren have been enslaved so long, that they don’t even recall a time in their history prior to their enslavement. While many sauren that make it to the northern lands can live free, and sauren with little magical talent are allowed to live generally unmolested, if an adept is born or discovered, (called wyrmblood sauren by the Dynastan and truebloods by the sauren) the sauren itself and the sauren’s family are seized by the Empire. Controlling all the trueblood sauren serves several purposes for the Dynastan. First, by depriving sauren of their most potent weapons, they resist the chances of an uprising. They also gain the benefit of wielding that powerful magic in the service of the Empire. Each trueblood is assigned handlers, who ensure his obedience, keep his magic in check, and watch for signs of rebellion or disobedience to the Empire. A trueblood sauren who rebels is slain instantly, along with any inner circle he maintained, and followed shortly by his family and social circle. The Dynastan take no chances with their magical artillery.

As could be imagined, the sauren absolutely despise Dynastan. Despite the severe penalties, many truebloods end up turning on their masters, and many common sauren who flit through the shadows are forever trying to poison or kill unwary Dynastan. All their tactics, however, have done little to keep them from being much more than bothersome flies to the behemoths that tower above them. They are also none to fond of the other races, who rarely even bother to understand the dynamic that exists between one lizard dragon thing and another, and often mistake them for either Dynastan children or very small dynastan despite the obvious differences. The bitterness and hopelessness of the long captive race taints much of what they do.

## Sauren Cities

As noted, sauren don’t really run their lives in most locations. What cities they do have are usually mobile, hidden things, or planned communities
designed by the Dynastan to be easily overwhelmed in case of rebellion. 

## Sauren Religion

Sauren are antitheists, for the most part, despising gods or worship. They believe that all magic is available for those who want to learn it, god or no god. They do what they can to remain independent of any servitude, especially if they break through to the northern lands, which they despise for climate and terrain but love for freedom. Sauren can become murderous at the thought of being beneath another living thing, be it king, demon or god. As one point of exception, some will fall in line with dragons in cultist fashion, since they consider themselves the true heirs of dragons, though they consider this more of a 'partnership' than servitude.
