The kingdoms (both elven, dwarven, human, Dynastan, and orcish) contained within the supercontinent of Icara are divided by geographic region. The main regions are the Far North, the Northern Kingdoms, the Western Port, the Eastern Crescent, Golden Road, Southern Kingdoms, and Dynastan Empire. Additionally, there are a number of largely unconnected kingdoms that are not part of the known kingdoms, that have developed independently of the primary kingdoms.

These include:

- The Far North kingdoms, not surprisingly, exist in the most northern reaches of the civilized continent. The Far North Kingdoms are typically called this to differentiate them from the Northern Kingdoms, in that they consist of the kingdoms of the Elder races, while the Northern Kingdoms are dominated by humans.
- The Northern Kingdoms describe the lands south of the Nijierasill river, but above the Tarajahan desert. These kingdoms can include the northernmost kingdoms in the kingdoms, depending on who the speaker is identifying them, and also typically include all the kingdoms and lands that stretch from the western seas and through the sir mountain range to the Forged Lands.
- The kingdoms of the Golden Road describe those that travel through the Tarajahn desert.
- The Eastern Crescent is a large swath of plains, badlands, and valleys that follows the sir mountains range down the eastern side of the continent. Inhabited by various barbarian or nomadic tribes, the Eastern cresent is considered to be dangerous wilderness by the standards of the more civilized coastal and northern kingdoms. However, pockets of safety and security still exist, as a number of hardy kingdoms have forged lasting settlements in the dangerous lands. This includes Drasis, a major trade partner with the coastal and northern kingdoms. Many of the other smaller kingdoms have a loose alliance with the other settlements to address the constant pressure from the nomadic peoples that travel through their lands, as well as to titan, greenblood, or beastman tribes that frequently come down from the mountains to scavenge for food, treasure or slaves. 
- The Southern Kingdoms 
- The Dynastan Empire spans the vast swamps and jungles of the lower continent. The Dynastan have done much to tame what is a deadly land, building massive high rise stone highways between their major cities that allow safe travel through the dinosaur and monster infested prehistoric jungle, as well as cities with towering walls and spires, which they overlook their terrain. The Dynastan have been engaging in these public work campaigns for decades, and plan to continue until they tame this dangerous land.
- There are a number of hidden kingdoms that are not known by the majority of people of Icara. 